fix: [CDS-82584]: Add documentation details for service tags and execution tags (#5560)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/monitor-deployments/using-cd-custom-dashboards.md

List of dimensions:
1. Pipeline tag: The pipeline tag, displayed as `key:value`. For example, if there are 5 tags in a pipeline, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag (`key:value` pair) in each row.

### Service Tags

> This view contains the data related to service tags. It will contain the real-time tags of the service.

Reviewer: By real-time, do you mean tags that are currently added to a service?
Can we write:
```suggestion
Displays a list of tags associated with a service.
```

Author: Yeah, looks good. Have pushed a commit.

:::note

> This will only show the services that had at least 1 pipeline execution. It won't display the tags for the services that didn't get executed even once.

Reviewer 2: nit. should it be `This will only show tags for the services that had at least 1 pipeline execution`

> This will only show the services that had at least 1 pipeline execution. It won't display the tags for the services that didn't get executed even once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Tags only displays the tags for the services that were part of pipelines that were successfully executed at least once.
```

Author: Yeah, looks good. Have pushed a commit.

:::

<DocImage path={require('./static/using-cd-custom-dashboards-23.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />

List of dimensions:

> 1. Service tag: The service tag, displayed as `key:value`. For example, if there are 5 tags in a service, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag (`key:value` pair) in each row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Service tag: The service tag is displayed as `key:value`. For example, if there are 5 tags in a service, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag (`key:value` pair) in each row.
```

List of dimensions:

> 1. Execution tag: The execution tag, it will be displayed as `key:value`. If there are let's say 5 tags in a pipeline, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag(`key:value` pair) in each row

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Execution tag: The execution tag is displayed as `key:value`. If there are let's say 5 tags in a pipeline, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag(`key:value` pair) in each row.
```

### Service Execution Tags
This view contains the data related to the service execution tags. It will contain the tags that were present in the service at the start of the execution.

<DocImage path={require('./static/using-cd-custom-dashboards-24.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />

List of dimensions:

> 1. Service Execution tag: The execution tag, it will be displayed as `key:value`. If there are let's say 5 tags in a service, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag(`key:value` pair) in each row

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Service Execution tag: The execution tag is displayed as `key:value`. If there are 5 tags in a service, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag(`key:value` pair) in each row.
```

1. Pipeline tag: The pipeline tag, it will be displayed as `key:value`. If there are let's say 5 tags in a pipeline, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag(`key:value` pair) in each row

> ### Service Tags

Reviewer 2: we are exposing service also now, can we add that also?

Author: Can you check now

> This view contains the data related to service tags. It will contain the real-time tags of the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a list of tags associated with a service.
```

Author: Yeah, looks good. Have pushed a commit.

:::note

> This will only show the services that had at least 1 pipeline execution. It won't display the tags for the services that didn't get executed even once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will only show the services that had at least 1 pipeline execution. It won't display the tags for the services that didn't get executed even once.
```

Author: Yeah, looks good. Have pushed a commit.

:::

<DocImage path={require('./static/using-cd-custom-dashboards-23.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />

List of dimensions:

> 1. Service tag: The service tag, displayed as `key:value`. For example, if there are 5 tags in a service, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag (`key:value` pair) in each row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Service tag: The service tag is displayed as `key:value`. For example, if there are 5 tags in a service, there will be 5 rows having 1 tag (`key:value` pair) in each row.
```
